better engine and mode checking code (#530)
tidymodels/parsnip: NEWS.md

# parsnip (development version)

## Model Specification Changes

* A model function (`gen_additive_mod()`) was added for generalized additive models. 

* Each model now has a default engine that is used when the model is defined. The default for each model is listed in the help documents. This also adds functionality to declare an engine in the model specification function. `set_engine()` is still required if engine-specific arguments need to be added. (#513)

> * parsnip now checks for a valid engine for a given mode (#529)

Reviewer: and a valid mode for a given engine
```suggestion
* parsnip now checks for a valid combination of engine and mode (#529)
```
